Reorganize import/export docs (#18761)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/import/index.md

## Description

`import` declarations can only be present in modules, and only at the top-level (i.e. not inside blocks, functions, etc.). If an `import` declaration is encountered in non-module contexts (for example, `<script>` tags without `type="module"`, `eval`, `new Function`, which all have "script" or "function body" as parsing goals), a `SyntaxError` is thrown. To load modules in non-module contexts, use the [dynamic import](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/import) syntax instead.

`import` declarations are designed to be syntactically rigid (for example, only string literal specifiers, only permitted at the top-level, all bindings must be identifiers), which allows modules to be statically analyzed and linked before getting evaluated. This is the key to making modules asynchronous by nature, powering features like [top-level await](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules#top_level_await).

There are four forms of `import` declarations:

- Named import: `import { export1, export2 } from "module-name";`
- Default import: `import defaultExport from "module-name";`
- Namespace import: `import * as name from "module-name";`

> - Side effect import: `import "module-name";`

Reviewer: You can guess what named, default, and namespace import might be from the example. That is not true of the Side-effect import - which I did not understand until I read down.

It might be worth linking down to the associated headings.

import { "a-b" as a } from "/modules/my-module.js";
```

### Default import

Default exports need to be imported with the corresponding default import syntax. The simplest version directly imports the default:

```js
import myDefault from '/modules/my-module.js';
```

Since the default export doesn't explicitly specify a name, you can give the identifier any name you like.

It is also possible to specify a default import with namespace imports or named imports. In such cases, the default import will have to be declared first. For instance:

```js
import myDefault, * as myModule from '/modules/my-module.js';
// myModule.default and myDefault point to the same binding
```

or

```js
import myDefault, { foo, bar } from '/modules/my-module.js';
```

Importing a name called `default` has the same effect as a default import. It is necessary to alias the name because `default` is a reserved word.

```js
import { default as myDefault } from '/modules/my-module.js';
```

### Namespace import

> This inserts `myModule` into the current scope, containing all the exports from the module located at `/modules/my-module.js`.

Reviewer: "This" is ambiguous. It could mean "the following code" or it could refer to the preceding heading name "Namespace import".

```suggestion
The following code inserts `myModule` into the current scope, containing all the exports from the module located at `/modules/my-module.js`.
```

```js
import * as myModule from '/modules/my-module.js';
```

Here, `myModule` represents a _namespace_ object which contains all exports as properties. For example, if the module imported above includes an export `doAllTheAmazingThings()`, you would call it like this:

```js
myModule.doAllTheAmazingThings();
```

> `myModule` is a [sealed](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/isSealed) object with `null` prototype. All keys are [enumerable](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Enumerability_and_ownership_of_properties) in lexicographical order, with the default export available as a key called `default`.

Reviewer: It would be good to link to a glossary or other definition of lexicographical order - I don't know what that means.

```js
function getJSON(url, callback) {

>   const xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();

Reviewer: If possible, would be good to turn this into `fetch()`. Longer term we'd like MDN to use fetch instead of XMLHttpRequest more or less everywhere.

Author: This example itself looks like a very lightweight `fetch` implementation... Converting it to `fetch` makes it look quite trivial.

Reviewer: Sure. I know that at some point though it is likely this will get swapped out. Do as you will.

Author: Let's make a better example then 😄

```js
import { getUsefulContents } from '/modules/file.js';

getUsefulContents(
  'http://www.example.com',
  (data) => {
    doSomethingUseful(data);
  },
);
```

> ### Importing live bindings

Reviewer: Given the content, this heading does not seem specific enough. Perhaps "Do not modify imported values"
